feat: eigenda v2.1.3 migration/upgrade action (#5)
Layr-Labs/orbit-actions: scripts/foundry/contract-upgrades/eigenda-v2.1.3/README.md

# Nitro contracts 2.1.3 upgrade

> [!CAUTION]
> This is a patch version and is necessary for all EigenDA x Arbitrum chains as it includes many critical bug fixes including EIP-7702 vulnerability patches.
>

These scripts deploy and execute the `NitroContractsEigenDA2Point1Point3UpgradeAction` contract which allows existing Arbitrum Orbit chains as well EigenDA Orbit chains to upgrade to [v2.1.3 release](https://github.com/layr-labs/nitro-contracts/releases/tag/v2.1.3). Pre-deployed instances of the upgrade action exist on the chains listed in the following section.

Upgrading to `eigenda-v2.1.3` is required to ensure post-pectra compatibility.

> `NitroContractsEigenDA2Point1Point3UpgradeAction` will perform the following actions based on whose calling it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`NitroContractsEigenDA2Point1Point3UpgradeAction` will perform the following actions based on who is calling it:
```

Author: c3f98719ee905e1055ee5a063f7193e488d38b6c

```bash
forge script --sender $DEPLOYER --rpc-url $PARENT_CHAIN_RPC --broadcast --slow DeployNitroContractsEigenDA2Point1Point3UpgradeActionScript -vvv --verify --skip-simulation
# use --account XXX / --private-key XXX / --interactive / --ledger to set the account to send the transaction from
```

As a result, all templates and upgrade action are deployed. Note the last deployed address - that's the upgrade action.

3. `ExecuteNitroContracts2Point1Point3Upgrade.s.sol` script uses previously deployed upgrade action to execute the upgrade. It makes following assumptions - L1UpgradeExecutor is the rollup owner, and there is an EOA which has executor rights on the L1UpgradeExecutor. Proceed with upgrade using the owner account (the one with executor rights on L1UpgradeExecutor):

```bash
forge script --sender $EXECUTOR --rpc-url $PARENT_CHAIN_RPC --broadcast ExecuteNitroContractsEigenDA2Point1Point3UpgradeScript -vvv
# use --account XXX / --private-key XXX / --interactive / --ledger to set the account to send the transaction from
```

If you have a multisig as executor, you can still run the above command without broadcasting to get the payload for the multisig transaction.

> 4. That's it, upgrade has been performed. You can make sure it has successfully executed by checking the native token decimals.

Reviewer: Why is this check meaningful? Did the native token decimals change? What do we expect the return to be if not 18? Why?

Author: this is copy pasta from Arbitrum's v2.1.3 upgrade readme but here's the relevant release where a decimals patch was made: https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro-contracts/releases/tag/v2.1.2
